Key,Source,Context,Changes,English

buffIllFoodPoisoning01Name,buffs,Buff,,Food Poisoning
foodBBQSauceAOO,items,Food,, BBQ Sauce
foodBBQSauceAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"BBQ Sauce Recipe"
foodBBQSauceAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]It's time to get saucy!"

foodBagelAOO,items,Food,, Bagel
foodBagelAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Bagel Recipe"
foodBagelAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n[abddfc]UNLOCKED BY: [ffffff] \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Little-known fact: a bagel is the favorite food of most golfers. Why? There's a hole in one." 

foodBreadAOO,items,Food,, Bread
foodBreadAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Homemade Bread Recipe"
foodBreadAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Many say it's the best thing ever."

foodButterAOO,items,Food,, Butter
foodButterAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Home-Churned Butter Recipe"
foodButterAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Used as an ingredient in tasty recipies."

foodCheeseAOO,items,Food,, Cheese
foodCheeseAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Homemade Cheeses Recipe"
foodCheeseAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Used as an ingredient in tasty recipies."

foodCreamAOO,items,Food,, Cream
foodCreamAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cream Recipe"
foodCreamAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Freshly whipped cream, used as an igredient in tasty recipies."

foodCreamCheeseAOO,items,Food,, Cream Cheese
foodCreamCheeseAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cream Cheese Recipe"
foodCreamCheeseAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Exactly as simple to make as you suspected all along."

foodDoughAOO,items,Food,, "Freshly Kneaded Dough"
foodDoughAOOSchematic,items,Food,,Freshly Kneaded Dough Recipe"
foodDoughAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Face it... you knead it."

foodFlourAOO,items,Food,, Flour
foodFlourAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Flour Recipe"
foodFlourAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]All bakers believe in flour power."

foodGrandMa'sFamousSauceAOO,items,Food,, Grandma's Famous Sauce
foodGrandMa'sFamousSauceAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Grandma's Famous Sauce Recipe"
foodGrandMa'sFamousSauceAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Only the best tomato sauce, just like Grandma used to make!"

foodMilkAOO,items,Food,, Milk
foodMilkAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Pasteurized Milk Recipe"
foodMilkAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Milk! It does the body good. Not much use on its own but can be used in recipies to make other ingredients and tasty food."

foodOldSaltAOO,items,Food,,Salt
foodOldSaltAOOSchematic,items,Food,,Salt Recipe
foodOldSaltAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]"It's salty."

foodRawBaconAOO,items,Food,, Raw Bacon
foodRawBaconAOOSchematic,items,Food,,Raw Bacon Recipe
foodRawBaconAOODescs,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw bacon, ready for fry-up."

foodRawWildSteakAOO,items,Food,, Raw Wild Steak
foodRawWildSteakAOODescs,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw Wild Steak, ready for fry-up."

foodRawKobeSteakAOO,items,Food,, Raw Kobe Steak
foodRawKobeSteakAOODescs,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw Kobe Steak, ready for fry-up."

foodRawWildGameAOO,items,Food,, Raw Wild Game
foodRawWildGameAOODescs,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw Wild Game, Carve it up on the Butcher's Table."

foodRawBeefAOO,items,Food,, Raw Beef
foodRawBeefAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n[abddfc]CRAFTING TABLE: [ffffff]Butcher Table \n[abddfc]UNLOCKED BY: [ffffff] \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]"Beef straight from the cow, ready to be butchered into specific cuts for cooking."

foodRawChickenBreastAOO,items,Food,, Raw Chicken Breast
foodRawChickenBreastAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Chicken Breast Recipe"
foodRawChickenBreastAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw chicken breast ready for cooking."

foodRawChickenLegsandWingsAOO,items,Food,, Raw Chicken Legs and Wings
foodRawChickenLegsandWingsAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Chicken Legs and Wings Recipe"
foodRawChickenLegsandWingsAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw chicken legs and wings, ready for cooking."

foodRawGroundBeefAOO,items,Food,, Raw Ground Beef
foodRawGroundBeefAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Ground Beef Recipe"
foodRawGroundBeefAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw ground beef, ready for cooking."

foodRawHamAOO,items,Food,, Raw Ham
foodRawHamAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Ham Recipe"
foodRawHamAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw ham, ready for cooking."

foodRawKobeBeefAOO,items,Food,, Raw Kobe Beef
foodRawKobeBeefAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Kobe Beef Recipe"
foodRawKobeBeefAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw kobe beef, ready for cooking."

foodRawMilkAOO,items,Food,, Raw Milk
foodRawMilkAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Milk straight from the cow. Pasteurize this before drinking!"

foodRawPastaAOO,items,Food,, Raw Pasta
foodRawPastaAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Homemade Pasta Recipe"
foodRawPastaAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Spaghetti, lasagna, angelhair, rigatoni, tortelini... you name it, you make it!"

foodRawPorkAOO,items,Food,, Raw Pork
foodRawPorkAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Pork straight from the pig, or boar. Ready to be butchered into specific cuts for cooking."

foodRawPorkLoinAOO,items,Food,, Raw Pork Loin
foodRawPorkLoinAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Pork Loin Recipe"
foodRawPorkLoinAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw pork loin ready for cooking."

foodRawPorkRibsAOO,items,Food,, Raw Pork Ribs
foodRawPorkRibsAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Pork Ribs Recipe"
foodRawPorkRibsAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw pork ribs ready for cooking."

foodRawSausageLinkAOO,items,Food,, Raw Sausage Link
foodRawSausageLinkAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Sausage Link Recipe"
foodRawSausageLinkAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw sausage links ready for cooking."

foodRawSteakAOO,items,Food,, Raw Steak
foodRawSteakAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raw Steak Recipe"
foodRawSteakAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Raw steak ready for cooking."

foodSugarAOO,items,Food,, Sugar
foodSugarAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Sugar Recipe"
foodSugarAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Aw, it's so sweet!"

foodVegOilAOO,items,Food,, Vegetable Oil
foodVegOilAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Vegetable Oil Recipe"
foodVegOilAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Used as an ingredient in tasty recipies."

foodWhiteRiceAOO,items,Food,, White Rice
foodWhiteRiceAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Steamed White Rice Recipe"
foodWhiteRiceAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]I'm all over that!"


foodBagelandCreamCheeseAOO,items,Food,, Bagel and Cream Cheese
foodBagelandCreamCheeseAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Bagel and Cream Cheese Recipe"
foodBagelandCreamCheeseAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A classic breakfast treat."

foodBreakfastBaconSandwichAOO,items,Food,, Breakfast Bacon Sandwich
foodBreakfastBaconSandwichAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Breakfast Bacon Sandwich Recipe"
foodBreakfastBaconSandwichAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Bacon! Also a breakfast sandwich."

foodBreakfastSausageSandwichAOO,items,Food,, Breakfast Sausage Sandwich
foodBreakfastSausageSandwichAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Breakfast Sausage Sandwich Recipe"
foodBreakfastSausageSandwichAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]What makes bagels even better? Why, meat, of course!"

foodFruitPancakesAOO,items,Food,, Fruit Pancakes
foodFruitPancakesAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Fruit Pancakes Recipe"
foodFruitPancakesAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Delightfully fresh and delicious."

foodFullStackoPancakesAOO,items,Food,, Full Stack of Pancakes
foodFullStackoPancakesAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Full Stack of Pancakes Recipe"
foodFullStackoPancakesAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]For when one pancake just isn't enough."

foodPancakeAOO,items,Food,, Pancake
foodPancakeAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Pancake Recipe"
foodPancakeAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Flat, yet delicious."

foodYogurtHotTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Yogurt (Hot)
foodYogurtHotTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,, "Homemade Yogurt (Hot) Recipe"
foodYogurtHotTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New, "[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Very freshly made yogurt. Place in a fridge to cool it before eating."

foodYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Yogurt
foodYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Homemade Yogurt (Chilled) Recipe"
foodYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Yogurt: good for your innards. Tastes best mixed with something else."

foodChickenPotPieTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Homemade Chicken Pot Pie"
foodChickenPotPieTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,New,"Homemade Chicken Pot Pie Recipe"
foodChickenPotPieTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Steamy, juicy pot pie."

foodHasenpfefferTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Hasenpfeffer"
foodHasenpfefferTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,New,"Hasenpfeffer Recipe"
foodHasenpfefferTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Traditional German rabbit stew."


foodHomemadeChickenNoodleTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Homemade Chicken Noodle Soup"
foodHomemadeChickenNoodleTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Homemade Chicken Noodle Soup Recipe"
foodHomemadeChickenNoodleTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Well what do you know? It really is good for the soul."

foodRamenTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Ramen"
foodRamenTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Ramen Recipe"
foodRamenTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Amazing ramen. Itadakimasu!"

foodRoyalGamePieTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Royal Game Pie"
foodRoyalGamePieTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,New,"Royal Game Pie Recipe"
foodRoyalGamePieTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Tuck in!"

foodVenisonStewTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Venison Stew"
foodVenisonStewTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,New,"Venison Stew Recipe"
foodVenisonStewTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Juicy and delicious venison stew."

foodBBQPorkRibsAOO,items,Food,, BBQ Pork Ribs
foodBBQPorkRibsAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"BBQ Pork Ribs Recipe"
foodBBQPorkRibsAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Tangy BBQ pork ribs."

foodBeefChiliAOO,items,Food,, Beef Chili
foodBeefChiliAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Beef Chili Recipe"
foodBeefChiliAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Hearty beef chili"

foodBeefwithBroccoliAOO,items,Food,, Beef with Broccoli
foodBeefwithBroccoliAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Beef with Broccoli Recipe"
foodBeefwithBroccoliAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Served at Asian restaurants everywhere."

foodBloominOnionAOO,items,Food,, Bloomin' Onion
foodBloominOnionAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Bloomin' Onion Recipe"
foodBloominOnionAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Delectable - just don't expect a kiss until you've brushed your teeth."

foodCabbageRollsandCoffeeAOO,items,Food,, Cabbage Rolls and Coffee
foodCabbageRollsandCoffeeAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cabbage Rolls and Coffee Recipe"
foodCabbageRollsandCoffeeAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Schmenge Bros Cabbage Rolls and Coffee ... Mmm Mmm Good!"

foodCanChickpeasAOO,items,Food,, Chickpeas
foodCanChickpeasAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chickpeas in a Can Recipe"
foodCanChickpeasAOODesc "[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Used as an ingredient in tasty recipies."

foodExoticGrilledSteakTSK_AOO,items,Food,, "Exotic Grilled Steak"
foodExoticGrilledSteakTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,, "Exotic Grilled Steak Recipe"
foodExoticGrilledSteakTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Exotic wild game steak, grilled to perfection."


foodFalafelAOO,items,Food,, Falafel Plate
foodFalafelAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Falafel Plate Recipe"
foodFalafelAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Who wants some falafel?"

foodFingersFriesAOO,items,Food,, Chicken Fingers and Fries
foodFingersFriesAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chicken Fingers and Fries Recipe"
foodFingersFriesAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Don't mess with the classics."

foodFreshBBQChickenLegsAOO,items,Food,, Fresh BBQ Chicken Legs
foodFreshBBQChickenLegsAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"BBQ Chicken Legs Recipe"
foodFreshBBQChickenLegsAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Look at those saucy legs!"

foodFreshBaconMeatloafAOO,items,Food,, Fresh Bacon Meatloaf
foodFreshBaconMeatloafAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Bacon Meatloaf Recipe"
foodFreshBaconMeatloafAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]It's meatloaf, with BACON! What could be better?"

foodFreshBakedChickenBreastAOO,items,Food,, Fresh-Baked Chicken Breast
foodFreshBakedChickenBreastAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Fresh-Baked Chicken Breast Recipe"
foodFreshBakedChickenBreastAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Baked chicken breast - so juicy."

foodFreshCheeseBurgerAOO,items,Food,, Fresh Cheeseburger
foodFreshCheeseBurgerAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cheeseburger Recipe"
foodFreshCheeseBurgerAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]An American favorite!"

foodFreshHoneyGlazedHamAOO,items,Food,, Fresh Honey-Glazed Ham
foodFreshHoneyGlazedHamAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Honey-Glazed Ham Recipe"
foodFreshHoneyGlazedHamAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]The main course of a delicious feast."

foodFreshKobeBeefAOO,items,Food,, Fresh Kobe Beef
foodFreshKobeBeefAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Kobe Beef Recipe"
foodFreshKobeBeefAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]It doesn't get any beefier than this, folks!"

foodFreshSmokedSausageAOO,items,Food,,  Fresh Smoked Sausage
foodFreshSmokedSausageAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Smoked Sausage Recipe"
foodFreshSmokedSausageAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Smoked to perfection!"

foodFriedRiceAOO,items,Food,, Fried Rice
foodFriedRiceAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Fried Rice Recipe"
foodFriedRiceAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A quick and easy, yet tasty, meal."

foodGrilledSteakAOO,items,Food,, Griled Steak
foodGrilledSteakAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Grilled Steak Recipe"
foodGrilledSteakAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Juicy steak grilled just the way you love it."

foodJalapenoPoppersAOO,items,Food,, Jalapeno Poppers
foodJalapenoPoppersAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Jalapeno Poppers Recipe"
foodJalapenoPoppersAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Live coals are cooler than these guys. Be sure to have those drinks nearby!"

foodJamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,Fruit Jam
foodJamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Homemade Fruit Jam Recipe"
foodJamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Oh, jam!"

foodJamHotTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,Fruit Jam (Hot)
foodJamHotTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Jam (Hot) Recipe"
foodJamHotTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New, "[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Very freshly made fruit jam. Place in a fridge to cool before eating."

foodPBnJ_TSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "PB&J"
foodPBnJ_TSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"PB&J Recipe"
foodPBnJ_TSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]With or without the crust, still a childhood favorite."

foodPizzaAOO,items,Food,, Pizza
foodPizzaAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Pizza Recipe"
foodPizzaAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A different kind of pie. Save me a slice!"

foodSmokedChickenTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Smoked Chicken"
foodSmokedChickenTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Smoked Chicken Recipe"
foodSmokedChickenTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Succulent smoked chicken"

foodSmokedFishTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Smoked Fish"
foodSmokedFishTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Smoked Fish Recipe"
foodSmokedFishTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Smoked fish - my personal favorite is teriyaki smoked salmon."

foodSpaghettiandaMeataBallsAOO,items,Food,, Spaghetti and Meatballs
foodSpaghettiandaMeataBallsAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Spaghetti and Meatballs Recipe"
foodSpaghettiandaMeataBallsAOODesc,items,Food,, "[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Spaghetti and-a Meat-a Balls! Fills you up and-a warms your soul!"

foodSpicyHotWingsAOO,items,Food,, Spicy Hot Wings
foodSpicyHotWingsAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Spicy Hot Wings Recipe"
foodSpicyHotWingsAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Buffalo wings - trivia not included."


foodApplePieAOO,items,Food,, Apple Pie
foodApplePieAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Apple Pie Recipe"
foodApplePieAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A perfectly-baked apple pie. Delicious!"
foodBananaCreamPieAOO,items,Food,, Banana Cream Pie
foodBananaCreamPieAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Banana Cream Pie Recipe"

foodBananaCreamPieAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A light and delightful pie."

foodBananaSplitTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Banana Split
foodBananaSplitTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Banana Split Recipe"
foodBananaSplitTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Why was the ice cream lonely? Because the banana split."

foodBlueberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Blueberry Frozen Yogurt
foodBlueberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Blueberry Frozen Yogurt Recipe"
foodBlueberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Frozen yogurt made with fresh blueberries."

foodBlueberryIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Blueberry Ice Cream
foodBlueberryIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Blueberry Ice Cream Recipe"
foodBlueberryIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade ice cream made with fresh blueberries."

foodBlueRaspberrySnoConeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Raspberry Shaved Ice"
foodBlueRaspberrySnoConeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raspberry Shaved Ice Recipe"
foodBlueRaspberrySnoConeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice, with some raspberry flavoring. About what you'd expect, really."

foodCherryPieAOO,items,Food,, "She's My Cherry Pie"
foodCherryPieAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cherry Pie Recipe"
foodCherryPieAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Baked to perfection and ready to eat."

foodCherrySnoConeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Cherry Shaved Ice
foodCherrySnoConeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cherry Shaved Ice Recipe"
foodCherrySnoConeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice, with some cherry flavoring. About what you'd expect, really."

foodChocolateBarTSK_AOO,items,Food,,"Chocolate Bar"
foodChocolateBarTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chocolate Bar Recipe"
foodChocolateBarTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Chocolate makes everything better - even the end of the world as you know it."

foodChocolateCakeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Chocolate Cake
foodChocolateCakeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chocolate Cake Recipe"
foodChocolateCakeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A decadent chocolate cake."

foodChocolateChipCookieTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Chocolate Chip Cookies
foodChocolateChipCookieTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe"
foodChocolateChipCookieTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Chocolate chip cookies. Yes, they are chocolate chips, not raisins. Go on, take a bite!"

foodCCCDIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream
foodCCCDIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream Recipe"
foodCCCDIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Otherwise known as CCCDIC, because even the name is a mouthful!"

foodChocolateIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Chocolate Ice Cream
foodChocolateIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chocolate Ice Cream Recipe"
foodChocolateIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade chocolate ice cream."

foodChocolateFrozenYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Chocolate Frozen Yogurt
foodChocolateFrozenYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chocolate Frozen Yogurt Recipe"
foodChocolateFrozenYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade chocolate frozen yogurt."

foodChocolateMousseTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Chocolate Mousse
foodChocolateMousseTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chocolate Mousse Recipe"
foodChocolateMousseTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Light and fluffy raspberry mousse."

foodCoconutCreamPieAOO,items,Food,, Coconut Cream Pie
foodCoconutCreamPieAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Coconut Cream Pie Recipe"
foodCoconutCreamPieAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Tastes like the tropics!"

foodCoconutFrozenYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Coconut Frozen Yogurt
foodCoconutFrozenYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Coconut Frozen Yogurt Recipe"
foodCoconutFrozenYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Frozen yogurt made with fresh coconut."

foodCoconutIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Coconut Ice Cream
foodCoconutIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Coconut Ice Cream Recipe"
foodCoconutIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice cream made with fresh coconut."

foodCookiesAndMilkTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Cookies & Milk"
foodCookiesAndMilkTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cookies & Milk Recipe"
foodCookiesAndMilkTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]All cookies are better with a tall glass of milk."

foodCreamOfTartarTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Cream of Tartar
foodCreamOfTartarTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cream of Tartar Recipe"
foodCreamOfTartarTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]An essential ingredient in snickerdoodle cookies."

foodDeerTracksFrozenYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Deer Tracks Frozen Yogurt
foodDeerTracksFrozenYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Deer Tracks Frozen Yogurt Recipe"
foodDeerTracksFrozenYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Frozen yogurt with chunks of strawberry and chocolate. Yum!"

foodDeerTracksIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Deer Tracks Ice Cream
foodDeerTracksIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Deer Tracks Ice Cream Recipe"
foodDeerTracksIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice cream with chunks of strawberry and chocolate. Yum!"

foodFrostingTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Frosting
foodFrostingTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Homemade Frosting Recipe"
foodFrostingTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"Workstation: KitchNaid with Mixing Bowl /n Thick and sugary and ready to be whipped onto a cake!"

foodFrozenYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Plain Frozen Yogurt
foodFrozenYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Plain Frozen Yogurt Recipe"
foodFrozenYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Used as a base for many flavors of frozen yogurt."

foodIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Plain Ice Cream
foodIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Plain Ice Cream Recipe"
foodIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Used as a base for many flavors of ice cream."

foodIceCreamSammieTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Ice Cream Sandwich
foodIceCreamSammieTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Ice Cream Sandwich Recipe"
foodIceCreamSammieTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A simple frozen dessert."

foodKittenChowTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Kitten Chow
foodKittenChowTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Kitten Chow Recipe"
foodKittenChowTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Also known as muddy buddies, this chocolate-and-powdered-sugar snack is so delicious!"

foodLemonCakeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Lemon Cake
foodLemonCakeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Lemon Cake Recipe"
foodLemonCakeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A decadent lemon bundt cake."

foodLemonSnoConeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Lemon Shaved Ice
foodLemonSnoConeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Lemon Shaved Ice Recipe"
foodLemonSnoConeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice, with some lemon flavoring. About what you'd expect, really."

foodLimeSnoConeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Lime Shaved Ice
foodLimeSnoConeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Lime Shaved Ice Recipe"
foodLimeSnoConeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice, with some lime flavoring. About what you'd expect, really."

foodMarshmallowTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Marshmallow
foodMarshmallowTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Homemade Marshmallow Recipe"
foodMarshmallowTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A light, fluffy, squishy, sugary cloud."

foodMolassesTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Molasses
foodMolassesTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Molasses Recipe"
foodMolassesTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Definitely do not mistake this for honey."

foodMolassesCookieTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Molasses Cookies
foodMolassesCookieTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Molasses Cookies Recipe"
foodMolassesCookieTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Dark and rich cookies."

foodOrangeSnoConeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Orange Shaved Ice
foodOrangeSnoConeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Orange Shaved Ice Recipe"
foodOrangeSnoConeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice, with some orange flavoring. About what you'd expect, really."

foodParfaitTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Parfait
foodParfaitTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Parfait Recipe"
foodParfaitTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food\n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]The dessert version of pafrait with jello, fruit, and cream."

foodPeachCobblerTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Peach Cobbler

foodPeanutButterTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Peanut Butter
foodPeanutButterTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Homemade Peanut Butter Recipe"
foodPeanutButterTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Rich and creamy peanut butter."

foodPeanutButterCookieTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Peanut Butter Cookies
foodPeanutButterCookieTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Peanut Butter Cookies Recipe"
foodPeanutButterCookieTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Cookies full of peanut buttery goodness."

foodPuppyChowTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Puppy Chow
foodPuppyChowTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Puppy Chow Recipe"
foodPuppyChowTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Also known as muddy buddies, this chocolate-and-powdered-sugar snack is so delicious!"

foodRaspberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Raspberry Frozen Yogurt
foodRaspberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raspberry Frozen Yogurt Recipe"
foodRaspberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade frozen yogurt made with fresh raspberries."

foodRaspberryIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Raspberry Ice Cream
foodRaspberryIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raspberry Ice Cream Recipe"
foodRaspberryIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade ice cream made with fresh raspberries."

foodRaspberryMousseTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Raspberry Mousse
foodRaspberryMousseTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Raspberry Mousse Recipe"
foodRaspberryMousseTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Light and fluffy raspberry mousse."

foodSmoresTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "S'mores"
foodSmoresTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"S'mores Recipe"
foodSmoresTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]The absolute best camp snack of all time!"

foodSnickerdoodleCookieTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Snickerdoodle Cookies
foodSnickerdoodleCookieTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Snickerdoodle Cookies Recipe"
foodSnickerdoodleCookieTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Soft and gooey snickerdoodles."

foodSpecialBrowniesTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Special Chocolate Brownies"
foodSpecialBrowniesTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Special Chocolate Brownies Recipe"
foodSpecialBrowniesTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Thick, rich chocolate brownies with a special surprise."

foodStrawberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Strawberry Frozen Yogurt
foodStrawberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Strawberry Frozen Yogurt Recipe"
foodStrawberryFrozenYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade frozen yogurt made with fresh strawberries."

foodStrawberryIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Strawberry Ice Cream
foodStrawberryIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Strawberry Ice Cream Recipe"
foodStrawberryIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade ice cream made with fresh strawberries."

foodStrawberryMousseTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Strawberry Mousse
foodStrawberryMousseTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Strawberry Mousse Recipe"
foodStrawberryMousseTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Light and fluffy strawberry mousse."

foodTurtleSundaeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Turtle Sundae
foodTurtleSundaeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Turtle Sundae Recipe"
foodTurtleSundaeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A certain reptile is now homeless so you may have a fortifying frozen dessert. Don't tell Rodolphus!"

foodVanillaFrozenYogurtTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Vanilla Frozen Yogurt
foodVanillaFrozenYogurtTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Vanilla Frozen Yogurt Recipe"
foodVanillaFrozenYogurtTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade frozen yogurt made with fresh vanilla."

foodVanillaIceCreamTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Vanilla Ice Cream
foodVanillaIceCreamTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Vanilla Ice Cream Recipe"
foodVanillaIceCreamTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade ice cream made with fresh vanilla."

foodWatermelonSnoConeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Watermelon Shaved Ice
foodWatermelonSnoConeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Watermelon Shaved Ice Recipe"
foodWatermelonSnoConeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice, with some watermelon flavoring. About what you'd expect, really."


foodChipsTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Chips"
foodChipsTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Chips Recipe"
foodChipsTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food\n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A simple salty snack. Even better with sauces!"

foodChipsAndSalsaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Chips and Salsa"
foodChipsAndSalsaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Chips and Salsa Recipe"
foodChipsAndSalsaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Homemade chips and salsa - delicious!"

foodDriedFruitAOO,items,Food,, Dried Fruit
foodDriedFruitAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Dried Fruit Recipe"
foodDriedFruitAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A sweet little snack."

foodFriesAOO,items,Food,, Basket of Fries
foodFriesAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Fries Recipe"
foodFriesAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Whether chips or fries, these are sure to satisfy your salty cravings."

foodGelatinTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Gelatin
foodGelatinTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,
foodGelatinTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New, "[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Very freshly made gelatin. Place in a fridge for a while before trying to use it."

foodJelloTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Jello
foodJelloTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Jello Recipe"
foodJelloTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]It's wiggly, it's jiggly, but thankfully it is not actually alive."

foodMixedFruitTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Mixed Fruit
foodMixedFruitTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Mixed Fruit Recipe"
foodMixedFruitTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Beautifully fresh fruit, ready to be used as an ingredient in tasty recipes."

foodMixedVeggiesTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Mixed Veggies"
foodMixedVeggiesTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Mixed Veggies Recipe"
foodMixedVeggiesTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Crunchy mixed veggies, ready to be used as an ingredient in tasty recipies."

foodOnionRingsAOO,items,Food,, Onion Rings
foodOnionRingsAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Onion Rings Recipe"
foodOnionRingsAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Perfectly golden-brown deep-fried onion rings. "

foodPopcornTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Popcorn
foodPopcornTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Popcorn Recipe"
foodPopcornTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \\n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]With enough salt and butter, who cares if it's stale?"

foodRawVeggieMixAOO,items,Food,New, Raw veg mix (obsolete)
RawVeggieMixDesc,items,Food,,"raw veg mix - obsolete. Make Mixed Veggies instead!"

foodSalsaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Salsa"
foodSalsaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Salsa Recipe"
foodSalsaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Tangy, fresh salsa best enjoyed with chips."

foodSuperPopcornTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Super Popcorn
foodSuperPopcornTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Super Popcorn Recipe"
foodSuperPopcornTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]It must be super. It says so right on the box."

foodTrailMixAOO,items,Food,, Trail Mix
foodTrailMixAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Trail Mix Recipe"
foodTrailMixAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Perfect for nibbling while out on a run."

foodWatermelonSliceTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Fresh Slice of Watermelon"
foodWatermelonSliceTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Fresh Watermelon Slice Recipe"
foodWatermelonSliceTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Anyone up for a seed-spitting contest?"

foodWineAndCheeseBoardTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Wine and Cheese Board
foodWineAndCheeseBoardTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Wine and Cheese Board Recipe"
foodWineAndCheeseBoardTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Don't dismiss these delicate delights!"


drinkAppleJuiceAOO,items,Food,, Apple Juice
drinkAppleJuiceAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Apple Juice Recipe"
drinkAppleJuiceAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \\n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]100% apple juice - not from concentrate."

drinkBananaSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Banana Blast Soda"
drinkBananaSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Banana Blast Soda Recipe"
drinkBananaSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Soda - it's a banana BLAST!"

drinkBerrySmoothieTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Berry Smoothie
drinkBerrySmoothieTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Berry Smoothie Recipe"
drinkBerrySmoothieTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Freshly-blended mixed berry smoothie. Cooling and quenching!"

drinkCheeryCherrySodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Cheery Cherry Soda
drinkCheeryCherrySodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cheery Cherry Soda Recipe"
drinkCheeryCherrySodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Cherry soda that puts a smile on your face!"

drinkChocolateMilkTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Chocolate Milk
drinkChocolateMilkTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chocolate Milk Recipe"
drinkChocolateMilkTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Milk, but chocolate. Better in every way!"

drinkCiderTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Fresh Cider
drinkCiderTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Fresh Fruit Cider Recipe"
drinkCiderTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Farm fresh cider - not just an autumn drink anymore."

drinkCitrusSplashSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Citrus Splash Soda
drinkCitrusSplashSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Citrus Splash Soda Recipe"
drinkCitrusSplashSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Lemon-lime? Lime-lemon? How about both in this citrus splash!"

drinkColaSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Black Soul Cola"
drinkColaSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Black Soul Cola Recipe"
drinkColaSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Black Soul cola: the darkest of sodas for the darkest of times. Or for the thirsty. Either way."

drinkCreamSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Cream Soda
drinkCreamSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cream Soda Recipe"
drinkCreamSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Smooth vanilla cream soda. So good!"

resourceCrushedIceTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Crushed Ice
resourceCrushedIceTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Crushed Ice Recipe"
resourceCrushedIceTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]You take ice, and crush it. The end."

drinkCucumberSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Cucumber Soda
drinkCucumberSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Cucumber Soda Recipe"
drinkCucumberSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Now you, too, can be cool as a cucumber!"

drinkDrJenSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Dr. Jen's Soda"
drinkDrJenSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Dr. Jen's Soda Recipe"
drinkDrJenSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]No pepper needed. Get Dr. Jen's Soda today!"

drinkGingerAleSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Ginger Ale Soda"
drinkGingerAleSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Ginger Ale Soda Recipe"
drinkGingerAleSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ginger ale: non-alcoholic and simply the best!"

drinkGrapeSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Grape Explosion Soda"
drinkGrapeSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Grape Explosion Soda Recipe"
drinkGrapeSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]It's soda. It's purple. It's Grape Explosion! (Explosion not guaranteed.)"

drinkGuavaSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Guava Gulp Soda"
drinkGuavaSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Guava Gulp Soda Recipe"
drinkGuavaSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]It's Gulp-a-licious!"

drinkHotCocoaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Hot Cocoa
drinkHotCocoaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Hot Cocoa Recipe"
drinkHotCocoaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Smooth melted chocolate, fluffy marshmallows, and a pinch of cinnamon spice. This warms you from the tip of your nose to the tips of your toes!"

resourceIceCubeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Ice Cube
resourceIceCubeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Ice Cube Recipe"
resourceIceCubeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Ice not in cube shape will not be accepted."

drinkIronBruSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Iron Brew Soda"
drinkIronBruSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Iron Brew Soda Recipe"
drinkIronBruSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]The slightly less popular brand of soda for miners everywhere."

drinkLemonJuiceTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Lemon Juice
drinkLemonJuiceTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Lemon Juice Recipe"
drinkLemonJuiceTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]This is pure lemon juice, used as an ingredient for tasty recipes."

drinkLemonadeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Lemonade
drinkLemonadeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Fresh Lemonade Recipe"
drinkLemonadeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Freshly-squeezed lemonade."

drinkMangoJuiceTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Mango Juice
drinkMangoJuiceTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Mango Juice Recipe"
drinkMangoJuiceTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]100% mango juice - not from concentrate."

drinkMangoLassiTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Mango Lassi
drinkMangoLassiTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Mango Lassi Recipe"
drinkMangoLassiTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A light and refreshing mango drink."

drinkMangoSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Mango Madness Soda"
drinkMangoSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Mango Madness Soda Recipe"
drinkMangoSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Are you ready to get crazy? Drink some Mango Madness today!"

drinkMixedBerryJuiceTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Mixed Berry Juice
drinkMixedBerryJuiceTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Mixed Berry Juice Recipe"
drinkMixedBerryJuiceTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]100% fruit juice - not from concentrate. Ingredients may include fruit, fruit, and other fruit."

drinkOrangeJuiceAOO,items,Food,, Orange Juice
drinkOrangeJuiceAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Orange Juice Recipe"
drinkOrangeJuiceAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]100% Orange juice - not from concentrate."

drinkOrangeSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Obvious Orange Soda"
drinkOrangeSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Obvious Orange Soda Recipe"
drinkOrangeSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Soda that is orange in taste and color. Obviously."

drinkPineAppleJuiceAOO,items,Food,, Pineapple Juice
drinkPineAppleJuiceAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Pineapple Juice Recipe"
drinkPineAppleJuiceAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]100% pineapple juice - not from concentrate."

drinkPineappleSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Plentiful Pineapple Soda"
drinkPineappleSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Plentiful Pineapple Soda Recipe"
drinkPineappleSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Plentiful Pineapple is great to enjoy alone or with a friend!"

drinkRaspberrySodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Razzle Raspberry Soda"
drinkRaspberrySodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Razzle Raspberry Soda Recipe"
drinkRaspberrySodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]It razzles, it dazzles, it delights. Have a bottle of Razzle Raspberry!"

drinkRootBeerSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Trader Joel's Root Beer"
drinkRootBeerSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Trader Joel's Root Beer Recipe"
drinkRootBeerSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A deceptively delicious root beer made from Trader Joel's own secret recipe."

drinkRootBeerFloatSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Root Beer Float
drinkRootBeerFloatSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Root Beer Float Recipe"
drinkRootBeerFloatSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Root beer and ice cream makes for a sweet treat that's easy to take with you."

drinkSnowberrySodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Snobby Snowberry Soda"
drinkSnowberrySodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Snobby Snowberry Soda Recipe"
drinkSnowberrySodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]The tartness of this soda makes your nose wrinkle, but the taste is surprisingly good."

drinkSodaWaterTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Soda Water"
drinkSodaWaterTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Soda Water Recipe"
drinkSodaWaterTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Foo \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]This doesn't do much for you on its own, but think of the possibilities!"

drinkSpruceBeerSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,,"Salacious Spruce Beer Soda"
drinkSpruceBeerSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Salacious Spruce Beer Soda Recipe"
drinkSpruceBeerSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \\n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Salacious Spruce Beer: don't ask, just drink!"

drinkStrawberrySodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Sublime Strawberry Soda"
drinkStrawberrySodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Sublime Strawberry Soda Recipe"
drinkStrawberrySodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Strawberry soda truly is sublime!"

drinkV8JuiceAOO,items,Food,, V8 Veggie Juice
drinkV8JuiceAOOSchematic,items,Food,,"V8 Veggie Juice Recipe"
drinkV8JuiceAOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]I coulda had a V8!"

drinkWatermelonJuiceTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Watermelon Juice
drinkWatermelonJuiceTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Watermelon Juice Recipe"
drinkWatermelonJuiceTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]100% watermelon juice - not from concentrate."

drinkWatermelonSodaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, "Wild Watermelon Soda"
drinkWatermelonSodaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Wild Watermelon Soda Recipe"
drinkWatermelonSodaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Let's get wild with Wild Watermelon Soda!"



drinkBrandyTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Brandy
drinkBrandyTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Brandy Recipe"
drinkBrandyTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Brandy"

drinkChampagneTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Champagne
drinkChampagneTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Champagne Recipe"
drinkChampagneTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Time to celebrate. Break out the bubbly!"

drinkGinTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Gin"
drinkGinTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Gin Recipe"
drinkGinTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Now you know why it tastes like pine. This would be much better off mixed with something."

drinkMimosaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Mimosa
drinkMimosaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Mimosa Recipe"
drinkMimosaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Enjoy at breakfast or at any time of day."

drinkMochaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Mocha
drinkMochaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Mocha Recipe"
drinkMochaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Chocolate and coffee come together in perfect harmony."

drinkMoonshineTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Moonshine
drinkMoonshineTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Moonshine Recipe"
drinkMoonshineTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Lightweights need not attempt."

drinkPortTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Port
drinkPortTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Port Recipe"
drinkPortTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]What's better than wine? Fortified wine!"

drinkRedWineTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Red Wine
drinkRedWineTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Red Wine Recipe"
drinkRedWineTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Red wine, featuring hints of cherry, plum, and spice, aged in an oak barrel for many years."

drinkRumTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Rum
drinkRumTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Rum Recipe"
drinkRumTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]If gone, just make, find, or steal more!"

drinkSakeTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Sake
drinkSakeTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Sake Recipe"
drinkSakeTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Smooth and silky rice wine."

drinkSakeChilledTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Chilled Sake
drinkSakeChilledTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Chilled Sake Recipe"
drinkSakeChilledTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Smooth and silky rice wine."

drinkSakeHotTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Hot Sake
drinkSakeHotTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Hot Sake Recipe"
drinkSakeHotTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Smooth and silky rice wine."

drinkTequilaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Tequila
drinkTequilaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Tequila Recipe"
drinkTequilaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Wherever you are, it's a party with tequila!"

drinkVodkaTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Vodka
drinkVodkaTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Vodka Recipe"
drinkVodkaTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Always be true to the Motherland."

drinkWhiskeyTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Whiskey
drinkWhiskeyTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Whiskey Recipe"
drinkWhiskeyTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Whiskey, scotch, and bourbon"

resourceWhiskeyStoneTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Whiskey Stone
resourceWhiskeyStoneTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Whiskey Stone Recipe"
resourceWhiskeyStoneTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Chill your scotch without watering it down with these whiskey stones."

drinkWhiteWineTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, White Wine
drinkWhiteWineTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"White Wine Recipe"
drinkWhiteWineTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]White wine, featuring floral hints and a light fruit finish."

drinkSchnappsTSK_AOO,items,Food,New, Schnapps
drinkSchnappsTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Food,,"Schnapps Recipe"
drinkSchnappsTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]A light alcohol made from different fruits."


drugClawedPainkillersTSK_AOO,items,Medical,New,"Clawed Painkillers"
drugClawedPainkillersTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Clawed Painkillers Recipe"
drugClawedPainkillersTSK_AOODesc,items,Medical,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]More powerful than regular painkillers and gives you better knuckle brawling for a short time."

medicalLionBalmTSK_AOO,items,Medical,New,"Lion Balm"
medicalLionBalmTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Lion Balm Recipe"
medicalLionBalmTSK_AOODesc,items,Medical,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Apply to aches and pains to regain the strength of the lion!"

medicalMentholTSK_AOO,items,Medical,New,"Menthol"
medicalMentholTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Menthol Recipe"
medicalMentholTSK_AOODesc,items,Medical,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Menthol is a common ingredient in medical recipes."

drugRestorativeTabletTSK_AOO,items,Medical,New,"Restorative Capsule"
drugRestorativeTabletTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Restorative Capsule Recipe"
drugRestorativeTabletTSK_AOODesc,items,Medical,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Hefty anti-ouch meds for the survivor on the move."

drinkRoseWaterTSK_AOO,items,Food,New,"Rose Water"
drinkRoseWaterTSK_AOOSchematic,items,Item,New,"Rose Water Recipe"
drinkRoseWaterTSK_AOODesc,items,Food,New,"[abddfc]TYPE: [ffffff]Food  \n\n[abddfc]DESCRIPTION:[ffffff]Rose water can be used in cooking as well as in medicinal recipes."
